Update MOOCs links and descriptions (#2051)
scala/docs.scala-lang: learn.md

All the courses are available for free. Optionally, a subscription gives
you access to a certificate of completion that attests your accomplishments.
Learn more about
[Coursera certificates](https://learner.coursera.help/hc/en-us/articles/209819053-Get-a-Course-Certificate) or
[edX certificates](https://support.edx.org/hc/en-us/categories/115002269627-Certificates).

### Effective Programming in Scala

[Effective Programming in Scala] teaches non-Scala programmers everything
they need to be ready to work in Scala. At the end of this hands-on course,
you will know how to achieve common programming tasks in Scala (e.g.,
modeling business domains, implementing business logic, designing large
systems made of components, handling errors, manipulating data, running 
concurrent tasks in parallel, testing your code). You can learn more about
this course in the following video:

<div style="text-align: center">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MSDJ7ehjrqo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> After taking this course, you might be interested in growing further your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After taking this course, you might be interested in improving your
```

skills in specific areas by taking the courses [Parallel Programming],
[Big Data Analysis with Scala and Spark], or [Programming Reactive Systems].

### Scala Specialization

The [Scala Specialization] provides a hands-on introduction to functional programming using Scala. You can access the courses
material and exercises by either signing up for the specialization or auditing the courses individually. The
   specialization has the following courses.

> * [Functional Programming Principles in Scala],

Reviewer: I never used whitespace in markdown url shortcuts. Did you check that this links correctly?

Author: Yes :)
